verbalist is a vs code extension that enables
users to edit documents using natural language
uh hands free so this extension is powered
by Groq's speech to text API that uses Open
AI's Whisper AI models and Groq's super fast
hardware to convert speech to text and these
text commands are fed to Llama over Groq's
Hardware to get the VS Code commands these VS
code commands are important because we bind them
to keyboard bindings to edit the actual document
automatically so let me just demonstrate how
we can use these AI models so let's just say
I want to delete the line 15 so I'm going to
ask the model so I bounded the extension to
command shift Z so I'll ask it now so uh Delete
line 15 so it's going to make an API request,
convert the speech to text and feed it to Llama
and that's what it did and you can see the line
was deleted. I'm going to Cmd Shift Z to make sure
we have the original document. For fun let's also
insert something so let's just say we want to
insert hello let's just insert hello at the
current cursor, so I'm going to ask the extension
again so command shift Z "insert hello" so it did
that and hello has been inserted so as you can
see there are various use cases to edit document
just by the simple uh shortcut. Now for fun we're
going to replace all the words with cookie so uh
let's just do it. Replace all words with cookies!
We did that and as you can see, it's very fast.
It converts all the speech to text with Groq's
super fast hardware and uses the APIs to send
request to Llama and get the VS Code bindings
and edit the document instantly! Thank you